the single avatar of a secret animalistic god of hunt, not the bieautyfull skillfull hunt like artemis. the disloyal, grueling foodchain.

the god isnt named, it's what the lioness think of when they get hungry. what the antilope think of when they finally notice the linoesses. what the vulture thanks when they see the lionesses leave. what the seeds feel when the corpse helps them grow and their last thought when it's the antilope's turn.

they are as much the teeth shredding the bone to avoid a famine as the muscle consuming itself in order to escape no matter the cost.
it's bringing crows and wolfs together to play and feast and making a baby boar an orphan.

the entire living kingdom knows them by instinct, even humans. it's who you're asking what's in the bush behind you when you hear a noise in a forrest. the connection everyone has to him is instinct, not concious. any speicies sentient enough to know what a god is will unknowingly pray to them but make offers to more their "civilised" adelphe.
as a result, this god has no preist, no warlocks, and no paldins, no concious followers that asks things. some barbarians and druids prey unknowingly when letting their instinct take over and going feral. every prayer is as much to them as it is the animal focusing on the prey and themself, not asking anything of the god. but in some rare instences someone will ask for something selfish without any reward for the god, not even faith, even the rare prayers are not good.

until a young child, that was nursed in a mansion just long enough to learn of human myth and gods, to be fascinated by stars and wish to explore them one day not knowing how foolish that wish may be, to learn the pattern of nature in rudimentary math physics and biology and see toolmaking. not having the time to learn the formal names of anything remembering their concept.

that's when destruction took place. it always does eventually, sometimes in the form of a hurricane, sometimes plague, here the concequences of greed. fleeing from their residence with the youngling barely aware of what's happening, their mother finally got shot in whe back by angry workers near the river, where she pushed her child hopping the peasants wouldnt chase them or if they did that the chase wouldnt be successfull.

the god gets a prayer from a parent wanting to protect their child from the hunt. eccept this time it's a human, they usually prey to other deities but this one didnt think. they just asked without ulterior motive. the god took interest in the ask. if humans are capable of praying to them, the child that just got abandoned might be worth something.

the god then protected the child from predators for a time and made them find berries easyly, non poisonous ones.
a tradition to a much more "distinguished" hunting god drove his familly to set apart a small portion of the querry for that god.
that child, aware of the gods but not knowing who to pray to, left a general offering in the form of a part of his finding.
the god got their first offering. how exiting.
now attached to the child, the god spend their attention to the young human. what coul they make that young creature understand that conventionnal humans ignore?
the god sprayed mushrooms and fruits in a path for the child to find a viewing spot for a pack of wolfs hunting.
they needed the human to survive from their own hunt instead of the service to their mother the god was doing.
the human watch as the wolfs shared the dying dear and remembered the taste of meat and its warmth.
day after days they spent forraging and trying to learn from wolfs.
mimicking them wasnt easy but at some some point they were confident and tried to find a prey. sniffing the ground, watching the earth for prints, and most importantly praying for a good hunt. the god was relished and made a boar break a leg bone nearby. the young kid understood they werent a wolf and attacked the boar. their teeths not able to peirce flesh and their claw too fragile, they punched and kicked the boar to death. the god was quite pleased with the skills of the child, but even more impressed with their dedication. the child was not able to peirce the skin of the beast to eat their quarry, rendering them unable to eat or offer anything to the god. the god was at first a bit desapointed and weighing if they should give the child better fangs or claws, but they did not ever modify an animal in the pas so it would be risky. while the god was lost in reasoning, the child used that trademark human inventiveness and found the wolf den. first seen as an attack, the pack of wolf got quickly outside and gowled at the child. then they offered  the cadaver to the wolf, and putt themself on all 4s, and tried still unsucessfull to eat the boar. the wolfs, surprised, approached bit by bit adn one started sharing the meal, its fangs and claws able to peirce the flesh. then the other wolfs joined once the risk of danger was cleared. the child now had the skin of the board oppened for them and could eat its first prey, of course a chunk being taken by the wolfs and a chunk hidded from them in order to gift it the the unnamed god.
after eating what was a free baor, the wolfs were enclined to view th child as an ally. letting them stay with them in their period of rest brought by a free meal. not trusting them enough to